the wall is always difficult to build
when it reaches these Heights and at
Olympia Alan Ball the course builder
needed ladders to measure walls set at
seven foot five and a quarter the
highest wall ever attempted in Britain
since the war four riders were through
to this record height and what a class
field it was David brill mr. Ross
Patrick column for France with gay
solder
gird fill Fang of Germany with Roman and
Hugo C Mon for Austria with Landgraf in
first to go over the radio rentals
resolves David broom on mr. Roscoe the
triple the triple bar itself is six foot
one in height now that's a big
6:50 plop
the spread of seven foot
I wonder just how quickly David is gonna
turn so far he's coming very sharp
inside the flowers he's gonna go do it
again
great try for a horse at the starter of
results career walketh courageous round
that was for mr. Ross and David Broome
horse never hesitated never flickered
going down to this huge fence and I
think one day he'll jump that height
with a little bit more experience David
and Mary burrow his sister who's been
grooming this week Gretch alleged mr.
Rossler then goes back in there's Mary
and his regular groom Barbara